well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about getting lost and what getting lost
can teach us as a country and as a world
you know if you study search and rescue
one of the very first things they will
tell you your instructors will tell you
that the lost person will always
consistently do one thing and one thing
only nothing to help themselves there's
an overwhelming desire once you get lost
to keep moving to keep moving I've read
about it for years trying to figure out
what it is and pin it down you know some
people chalk it up to an evolutionary
thing or if you don't know where you're
at you must be in danger therefore you
keep moving give this drive to keep
moving some people say that it's that
optimist in people right over that hill
that's that's where I need to be so they
keep moving if you don't know that's
wrong okay sit down if you get lost out
the woods sit down just sit down
twenty thirty minutes if you're skilled
at navigation you'll be able to analyze
the problem and you can work out a plan
if you're not odds are if you've done
everything else you're supposed to as
far as letting people know that you're
going into the woods and that kind of
stuff somebody will find you somebody
with a plan will find him because those
search patterns that they use they kind
of work best if you're not moving
but that's not what people do even
skilled people there's a guy named Ralph
Bagnold who British guy desert explorer
found it
the British long range desert patrol
thing man knew his way around the desert
he got lost and he even said that he was
just overcome with the desire to keep
moving the fact that he didn't is the
reason we know the story the thing is
when you start moving and you don't have
a plan you come up with things that
sound like a plan
like I'm gonna follow the Sun yeah
that's cool if you start at midday
that'll keep you in the same direction
but if not well you'll go right for a
little bit then you'll go left unless
it's like directly overhead when it
passes then you could end up back in the
spot where you started a lot of the
little tricks you hear about they they
don't actually work the way people think
they do so that's where we're at as a
country and as a world too we're lost
most people know that the system that we
have is not what they want but we keep
moving we know it's wrong but we keep
moving
sometimes we go right sometimes we go
left but we keep moving
if we would sit down and come up with a
plan we'd be able to turn a course and
we'd be able to get there but we don't
we keep moving we keep arguing over the
same mostly irrelevant points most
people know that this isn't what we want
now here's the thing we've sat down
right now we're sitting down everybody's
paused we can come up with a plan now
now is when you need to decide what kind
of course you want where do you want to
end up the wind want to end up on or out
or once again everybody's in competition
where everybody's on the brink or
anything and bring us to our knees or do
you want to get on a route that's filled
with cooperation
if you know anything about survival
cooperations normally the right way to
go we need to make the conscious choice
to start advocating for that when you
make the conscious choice to get on a
course that puts us where we want to be
not just a little bit to the left of
where we were we need to get moving
because we are lost we need to come up
with that course and we need to get
moving we are lost we are lost to the
country we are lost as world were lost
as a species this is not sustainable
it's not gonna last and we've got figure
a way out anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day
[Music]